fix(md): move to guides (#1680)
spinnaker/spinnaker.github.io: guides/user/managed-delivery/resource-status/index.md

layout: single
title:  "Resource Status"
sidebar:
  nav: guides
redirect_from: /reference/managed-delivery/resource-status/
---

{% include toc %}

> 💡 *If you're not sure what a Managed Resource is, check out our [overview of Managed Delivery](/guides/user/managed-delivery) first.*

Reviewer: ```suggestion
💡 *If you're not sure what a managed resource is, check out our [overview of Managed Delivery](/guides/user/managed-delivery) first.*
```

## Overview

> Managed Resources will always have a **status** which describes the current state of the resource from Spinnaker's perspective. A resource's status can help you quickly answer questions like:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Managed resources always have a **status**, which describes the current state of the resource from Spinnaker's perspective. A resource's status can help you quickly answer questions like:
```

> When a resource has a Created status, it means Spinnaker has just received the resource’s declarative configuration and hasn't taken any action yet.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
When a resource has a `Created` status, it means Spinnaker has just received the resource’s declarative configuration and hasn't taken any action yet.
```

When a resource has a Diff status, it means Spinnaker detected a drift from the declarative configuration but hasn't taken any action yet.

> Once Spinnaker starts taking automatic action to correct the drift, the status will change to [Actuating](/guides/user/managed-delivery/resource-status/#actuating).

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Once Spinnaker starts taking automatic action to correct the drift, the status  changes to [Actuating](/guides/user/managed-delivery/resource-status/#actuating).
```

> While Spinnaker is managing a resource, manual changes made via the UI or the API will be automatically reversed ("stomped") in favor of the declarative configuration.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
While Spinnaker is managing a resource, manual changes made via the UI or the API are automatically reversed ("stomped") in favor of the declarative configuration.
```

When a resource has an Actuating status, it means Spinnaker detected a drift from the declarative configuration and an automatic action is in progress to resolve it. You can go to the Tasks view in your app to see the actions Spinnaker is taking on your behalf, and whether they succeeded or failed.

> If automatic actions successfully resolve the drift, the status will change to [Happy](/guides/user/managed-delivery/resource-status/#happy). If automatic actions don't help to resolve the drift, the status will change to [Unhappy](/guides/user/managed-delivery/resource-status/#unhappy).

Reviewer: In the example request, above, status is `HAPPY` (all-caps).
